# stable-prompter (wip)
Generate structured prompts for AI image generator. 

This tool allows to compose random prompt by mixing terms picked in selected categories.

## Description: 

The Stable-Prompter is a tool designed to help users generate unique prompts for image generation using AI. With this tool, users can easily select categories for the main elements of the prompt, including subject, celebrity likeness, features, techniques, and artist style. The categories are presented as checkboxes, allowing users to choose specific options that fit their needs. Once the categories are selected, the tool will randomly generate a prompt based on the chosen options.

## Example

Here are a first example of prompt that can be generated by the tool:

"A creepy demons hugging a Lyran on large web of wery wide wire while his following CIA agent posing suggestively in front of a painted backdrop. With chibi Mountains in the foreground. Rendered in a eerie style with great attention to detail. It is under the influence of Skullgirls."

With the Stable-Prompter Generator, users can easily generate unique and creative prompts for their image generation projects. Try it out and see what kind of amazing artwork you can create!

## Tech

For this project, I used code that can run locally without server, vue.js or even nodes.js. So you can download it, and double-click on index.html, and voilà! it works.

## More examples?

"A mosaic of emotions showcasing a clumsy whale fighting in a rest room in a overweight watered temple. Rendered in a minuscule style with great attention to detail. Art influenced by Alvar Aalto, Hilma af Klint, and Ernst Barlach."

"A charcoal sketch representing an illuminated minimalistic hospital in the street by night. nickel columns. It aim to capture the feeling of Dune (1984). In the style of Vladimir Kush"

"A paper sculpture portraying a huge ocean with a rock made of pebble and giant oak tree. They are Meryl Streep lookalikes. In the style of Eduardo Kobra, Disney, Janine Antoni, Jeff Lemire, and Stanley Artgerm."

## Gallery

You can explore the Artbreeder gallery I (mainly) constituted with this tool: https://www.artbreeder.com/pierre.matterne
